[Doc] Add troubleshooting steps for Service Mesh installation (#5616)
meshery/meshery: docs/pages/project/FAQ.md

  - _Use an external cloud provider which provides you with the LoadBalancer having an external IP address other than localhost_
  - _Use [Kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io) cluster with [MetalLB](https://metallb.universe.tf) configuration_

> #### Question: Why Service Mesh deployed is not visible in UI despite successful installation in my cluster?
>   **Answer:** _Few ways to solve this problem:_
>   - Confirm that the Meshery Broker service is exposed from your cluster using `kubectl get svc -n meshery`
>   - It is possible that MeshSync is not healthy and not sending cluster updates, check for MeshSync status by going in Settings from Meshery UI and click on MeshSync chip.
>   - If MeshSync is healthy, next step is to check for status of Meshery Broker by clicking on the NATS chip. 
>   
>   If either is the case, Meshery Operator will make sure MeshSync and Meshery Broker deployments are again healthy, wait for some time, otherwise try redeploying Meshery Operator.
>   
>   _You can also verify health of your system using [mesheryctl system check]({{site.baseurl}}/reference/mesheryctl/system/check)_
>   
>   If MeshSync, Meshery Broker and Meshery Operator are healthy.
> 
>   - Try clearing the database by clicking on the `Flush MeshSync` button associated with the corresponding cluster.
>   - If still `Service Mesh` is not visible in UI, move on to `Hard Reset` of Database. This option is in the `Reset System` Tab in `Settings` page.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Question: Why does the dashboard not show the infrastructure provisioned or discovered by Meshery?
  **Answer:** _This issue is typically caused by either lack of connectivity between Meshery Server and Meshery Broker or by database corruption. Use the following troubleshooting steps to resolve this issue:_
  
  **Lack of Connectivity**
  1. Confirm that the Meshery Broker service is exposed from your cluster using `kubectl get svc -n meshery` and that an hostname or IP address is displayed in the External Address column. Meshery Server should be able to reach this address.
  1. It is possible that MeshSync is not healthy and not sending cluster updates, check for MeshSync status by navigating to Settings in Meshery UI and clicking on the MeshSync connection.
  1. If MeshSync is healthy, check the status of Meshery Broker by clicking on the NATS connection. 
  
  If either is the case, Meshery Operator will make sure MeshSync and Meshery Broker deployments are again healthy, wait for some time, otherwise try redeploying Meshery Operator.
  
  **Database Corruption**
  If MeshSync, Meshery Broker and Meshery Operator are healthy, then perhaps, there is corruption in the Meshery Database. Use the following troubleshooting steps to resolve this issue:_

    1. Try clearing the database by clicking on the `Flush MeshSync` button associated with the corresponding cluster.
    1. If still `Service Mesh` is not visible in UI, move on to `Hard Reset` of Database. This option is in the `Reset System` Tab in `Settings` page.
  
Note:   _You can also verify health of your system using [mesheryctl system check]({{site.baseurl}}/reference/mesheryctl/system/check)_

```
